YoGert User Guide 

Welcome to YoGert Python Toolbox.  

To get started, please open your Linux command line application or Mac terminal. Navigate to the directory where the toolbox is saved locally (Tip 1).  

Steps to set up environment:  

Navigate to the “setup” directory within the local repository. 

Run the following command “chmod u+x setup.sh,” this makes the file executable by changing the file permissions (Tip 2) . 

Run “./setup.sh” and notice that the required libraries are being installed. 

Steps to run the toolbox: 

Navigate to the “src” directory within the local repository. 

To start up the toolbox, run the following command “python3 main.py”. 

Now you are inside the toolbox and have access to all the functionalities. The toolbox will prompt you to enter a module number that you wish to use. Check out Tip 3 for the list of modules.  

Recommended flow of using the toolbox's functions and how to be used: 

Enter “2” to generate segments. 

Application prompts you to select a CSV file for episode generation using file explorer window.  

Enter “7” to map generated traces. 

Application prompts you to select a trace number out of the generated traces. For example, enter “1” to select trace #1.  

Enter “3” to find activity location.  

Enter “8” to map activity locations. 

Application prompts you to select a trace number out of the generated traces. For example, enter “1” to select trace #1. 

Enter “5” to generate shortest route. 

Application prompts you to select a trace number out of the generated traces. For example, enter “1” to select trace #1.  

Application prompts you to select optimizer variables for detecting a route. You can either enter “time” or “length.” 

Enter “9” to map shortest route generated with the recent command "5” call. 

Enter “6” to generate alternative route. 

Application prompts you to select a trace number out of the generated traces. For example, enter “1” to select trace #1.  

Application prompts you to select optimizer variables for detecting a route. You can either enter “time” or “length.” 

Enter “10” to map alternative route generated with the recent command “6” call. 

To generate and map a different trace shortest route repeat step 5 and 6.  

To generate and map a different trace alternative route repeat step 6 and 7.  

Tips 

Check out https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/aix/7.2?topic=directories-changing-another-directory-cd-command to learn more about directory navigation.  

Learn about Unix based systems file permissions here! https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix/unix-file-permission.htm  

List of module numbers: 

0: Exit Toolbox.  

2: Generate Episodes.  

3: Find Activity Locations. 

5: Generate Shortest Path. 

6: Generate Alternative Path. 

7: Map Episodes.  

8: Map Activity Locations.  

9: Map Shortest Route. 

10: Map Alternative Route 

 

 

 
